Section A
A
1.A project is a temporary endeavor undertaken to create a unique product, service, or result

2.Project vs Operations

Similar:
Both are performed by people.
Both are planned, executed, Monitored and controlled.
Both have resource limitations.

Different:
Projects are unique and temporary (with a definitive beginning and ending), while operations are ongoing and permanent.
Projects have a fixed budget, while operations have to earn a profit to run the business.
Projects are executed to start a new objective and terminated when it is achieved, while operational work does not produce anything new.

3.Project Success means that the project meets its objectives under budget and under schedule




B
1.Customers,Suppliers,Competitors,Project Manager,Project Team,Project Sponsor.
2.The project sponsor usually provides the direction and funding for the project
3.The amount of authority a project manager possesses can be related to the organizational structure.
4.Project manager's independence and authority is strongest in projectized organizations and weakest
in functional organizations.
5.leaders have power to make some decisions, some authority and report to a higherlevel manager.

C
1.A Project Life Cycle is a collection of phases that a project passes through from its start to end,
generally sequential.

2.A Project Phase is a collection of logically related project activities that culminates in the completion of one or more deliverables.
3. The five process groups are initiation, planning, execution, monitoring and controlling, and closure.

section B

1.True
2.True
3.True
4.True
5.True
6.False

Section C:
1.d. Repeats itself every month.
2.c. On-going and repetitive.
3.c. processing deposits and withdrawals in a bank
4.d. new homeowners
5.b. Balanced matrix
6.d. All employees report to one manager and have a clear chain of command
7.c. Strong matrix
8.b. Will not always have a 'home'
9.b. Matrix
10.b. Functional manager & PM
11.b. Functional organization
12.d. Project organization.
13.d. Maximum at the start and then gradually weakens towards the end of the project.
14.c. Many different project life cycle models are used, for different types of projects.
15.c. unclear or conflicting stakeholder expectations



